src/docs/asciidoc/example-manual.adoc, before:

= Example Manual
Doc Writer <doc.writer@example.org>
v1.0, 2014-09-09
:example-caption!:
ifndef::imagesdir[:imagesdir: images]
ifndef::sourcedir[:sourcedir: ../java]

This is a user manual for an example project.

== Introduction

This project does something.
We just haven't decided what that is yet.

== Source Code

[source,java]
.Java code from project
----
include::{sourcedir}/example/StringUtils.java[tags=contains,indent=0]
----
<1> return statement

This page was built by the following command:

 $ mvn

== Images

[.thumb]
image::sunset.jpg[scaledwidth=75%]

== Attributes

.Built-in
asciidoctor-version:: {asciidoctor-version}
safe-mode-name:: {safe-mode-name}
docdir:: {docdir}
docfile:: {docfile}
imagesdir:: {imagesdir}

.Custom
sourcedir:: {sourcedir}

== Includes

.include::subdir/_b.adoc[]
====
include::subdir/_b.adoc[]
====

WARNING: Includes can be tricky!

== Source Code and Syntax Highlighting

This section shows some code highlighting examples.

include::subdir/_code_examples.adoc[]

Commit message:

Added first example using plantuml

src/docs/asciidoc/example-manual.adoc, after:

= Example Manual
Doc Writer <doc.writer@example.org>
v1.0, 2014-09-09
:example-caption!:

This is a user manual for an example project.

== Introduction

This project does something.
We just haven't decided what that is yet.

== UML Diagram

[plantuml, example-uml-diagram, svg]
-----
Alice->Bob : hello
note left: this is a first note

Bob->Alice : ok
note right: this is another note

Bob->Bob : I am thinking
note left
    a note
    can also be defined
    on several lines
end note
-----

== Source Code

[source,java]
.Java code from project
----
include::{sourcedir}/example/StringUtils.java[tags=contains,indent=0]
----
<1> return statement

This page was built by the following command:

 $ mvn

== Images

[.thumb]
image::sunset.jpg[scaledwidth=75%]

== Attributes

.Built-in
asciidoctor-version:: {asciidoctor-version}
safe-mode-name:: {safe-mode-name}
docdir:: {docdir}
docfile:: {docfile}
imagesdir:: {imagesdir}

.Custom
sourcedir:: {sourcedir}

== Includes

.include::subdir/_b.adoc[]
====
include::subdir/_b.adoc[]
====

WARNING: Includes can be tricky!

== Source Code and Syntax Highlighting

This section shows some code highlighting examples.

include::subdir/_code_examples.adoc[]
